# Bus Detective - Mobile Client

## Installation

* install [xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)
* `npm install -g cordova`
* `npm install -g ios-sim`

## Running / Development

    cordova run ios
    cordova run android

## Deployment

## Generating Resource Images

* Requires Node and npm to be installed
* Run `npm install` in the base directory
* Run `node generate-assets.js` in the base direcory to generate image resources.
This generates:
  * iOS icons
  * Android splash screens

Android icons and iOS splash screens must be generated by hand at the moment. See
those sections for more details.

### iOS

**Icons**

The iOS icons are generated by the script, so we do not need to run these by
hand or through web services.

* The base icon can be found at `ios-icon.png`, should be 512x512px

**Splash Screens**

The splash screens for iOS are not yet part of the script, as they have not been
updated since the script was created.

### Android

**Icons**

At the moment, we still need to generate these icons by hand. The library used to
generate other resources does not handle the transparency of the icon well.

* The base icon can be found at `android-icon.png`, should be 512x512 px
* See `config.xml` for the sizes required by Android

**Splash Screen**

For Android, we take in a 1024x1024 square image of the splash screen and use a
script to generate the sizes and formats needed.

* Update `splash.png` to be the new splash screen, it should be 1024x1024
* The script handles making the marks for the 9-patch format
* When we have more time, the splash screen may be taken out of Cordova and
put in the web browser
